{
"id": 1,
"category": "Database of Recipes",
"recipes": [
{
"id": 1,
"title": "Fruit Loaf",
"ingredients": "150g dried apricots
150g dried figs
150g pitted dates
150g raisins
2 cups orange juice
1 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
¾ cup brown sugar (I used just ¼ cup)
2 eggs, lightly beaten
2 cups White Wings Self-Raising Flour
1½ teaspoons ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground ginger
butter, to serve",
"method": "Preheat oven to 180°C. Grease and line a 7cm deep, 10cm x 21cm (base) loaf pan with baking 
paper.
Combine dried fruit and juice in a saucepan over low heat. Cook, stirring, for 20 minutes or until 
liquid has been absorbed. Stir in bicarbonate of soda. Set aside for 10 minutes.
Transfer fruit mixture to a bowl. Stir in sugar and eggs. Sift flour and spices over fruit mixture. 
Stir gently to combine. Spoon into prepared loaf pan. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes or until a 
skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.
Stand for 10 minutes in pan. Turn onto a wire rack to cool. Serve slices at room temperature or 
toasted, spread with butter"
},
{
"id": 2,
"title": "Nigel Slater - Chicken Bacon and Leek Pie",
"ingredients": "4 pieces chicken (thighs and legs)
8 peppercorns
½ onion
1 bay leaf
milk (enough to cover chicken pieces)
6 rashers of smoked streaky bacon, cut into postage stamp-size pieces
30g/1oz butter
2 leeks, sliced into ½ inch discs
3 tbsp plain flour
3 tsp Dijon mustard
2 x 375g/13oz packs of puff pastry
1 egg, beaten, for glazing
parmesan, grated, for topping",
"method": "1. Pre-heat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.
2. In a saucepan add the chicken, peppercorns, onion and bay leaf. Cover with 
milk. Bring to the boil and simmer for 25 minutes until the chicken is cooked.
3. Meanwhile, fry the bacon in the butter. Add the sliced leeks and allow to soften.
4. When the chicken is cooked remove from the milk and flake the chicken meat 
into the pan with the leeks, discarding the bones.
5. Add the flour and cook through for two minutes before adding the milk through a 
sieve to remove the peppercorns and bay leaf. Add the Dijon mustard. Stir 
constantly to make a thick sauce.
6. Roll out the sheets of puff pastry to a rectangular shape at a pound coin 
thickness. Lay the filling on one sheet and then cover with the second sheet and 
crimp the edges.
7. Brush the pie with a beaten egg and sprinkle the grated Parmesan over the top. 
Bake in the oven for 35-45 minutes"
},
{
"id": 3,
"title": "Lamb Meatballs",
"ingredients": "100g day-old bread torn roughly into pieces
500g minced lamb
50g crumbled feta
40g macadamia nuts, finely chopped (optional)
1 small red onion, roughly chopped
1 garlic clove, crushed
1 tblsp chopped flat leaf Italian parsley
1 tsp ground coriander
1 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp dried oregano
1/2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp sweet paprika
ground white pepper
",
"method": "Preheat oven to 180C and line a baking tray with baking paper.
Blitz the bread and nuts if using in a food processor to make crumbs.
Combine the remaining ingredients in a large mixing bowl.
Add the crumbs and mix well.
Make sure the mixture is well seasoned.
Roll into golf ball sized balls and place on the lined tray.
Bake in the oven for 20 minutes.
Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, or freeze for up to 3 months"
},
]
}
